###MyISAM Tables
The clustering plugin used in this release (Galera) does not support replication of MyISAM Tables. However, the service does not prevent the creation of MyISAM tables. When MyISAM tables are created, the tables will be created on every node (DDL statements are replicated), but data written to a node won't be replicated. If the persistent disk is lost on the node data is written to (for MyISAM tables only), data will be lost. To change a table from MyISAM to InnoDB, please follow this [guide](http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.5/en/converting-tables-to-innodb.html).

###Max User Connections
When updating the max_user_connections property for an existing plan, the connections currently open will not be affected (ie if you have decreased from 20 to 40, users with 40 open connections will keep them open). To force the changes upon users with open connections, an operator can restart the proxy job as this will cause the connections to reconnect and stay within the limit.  Otherwise, if any connection above the limit is reset it won't be able to reconnect, so the number of connections will eventually converge on the new limit.

###Long SST Transfers
We provide a `database_startup_timeout` in our manifest which specifies how long to wait for the initial [SST](proxy.md#state-snapshot-transfer-sst) to complete (default is 150 seconds). If the SST takes longer than this amount of time, the job will report as failing. Versions before `cf-mysql-release v23` have a flaw in our startup script where it does not kill the mysqld process in this case. When monit restarts this process, it sees that mysql is still running and exits without writing a new pidfile. This means the job will continue to report as failing. The only way to fix this is to SSH onto the failing node, kill the mysqld process, and re-run `monit start mariadb_ctrl`.
